hello ladies and gentlemen and welcome
back to minecraft trolling skirt today I
will be showing you hard to make the TNT
tree troll so what you need for this
road is a minecart real sticky piston
add some wood I meant card with TNT a
lever some leaves and TNT so i'm going
to show you what the truth is so pretend
I'm your friend I'm here cutting down a
tree la la yep spring sure oh god oh my
god and there you go the tree explodes
in Sydney so I'm going to show you how
to make that and I so what you want to
do is pain and piss a tree and stick it
underneath it and kicking this ok 70 it
also don't need to be a tree you can
make your own tree but you know you
can't one that helps so you just place
your TNT underneath the area where
you're on a do the shoulder and then you
want to build up 11 blocks with your log
so 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 and then you
won't go down to here and then you want
to place here make your real get your
man card with TNT and then you want to
break the block underneath where you
place the rail get your sticky piston
make sure you don't move the bank card
there we go then you want to get a
rubber color blog news mr. Daniel log
and then you want to order the custom so
let's do the spirit your piston and you
can break these logs you want and then a
swim start to make the trade like a tree
so just start placing down your leaves
and you can spend as much time as you
want miss and so I'm just gonna do this
quickly ah there we go good there's my
amazing looking tree it's good there
let's go leave it like that you can
spend as much time as you want on the
tree and when your friend cuts down the
word the main card with TNT and I will
fall down head to your friend and
explode so I'm going to tree again what
this looks like this main the tree and
there we go oh god you see those about
that missed your friends gonna die and
some later the weight or less before TNT
and so you can play as much TNT's you
want by my fist I can't remember name
yeah i think it was named for sex I
don't know there's something like that
but yeah that's hard to do the TNT tree
true and I'm if you want more movies
videos make sure you like and scrape and
leave a comment below as well let me
know you do you like these videos and
I'll see you next time goodbye